{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh21000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 BLENDER Maya Mode:\
\
\
N in keyboard, will bring transform tool\
w, e, r size rotate and position\
alt and two fingers will rotate screen\
pinch to zoom in\
\
OBJECT MODE AND EDIT MODE\
tab will go between object mode and edit mode. edit mode is when you get to change face, edge\
you can press shift and hit another vertex, and new vertices are selected at the same time\
once in edit mode, there is a button next to the face button. This will make switch between mesh\
\
MULTIPLE SELECTION\
alt and shift. to select all faces or vertices connected to it\
hit shift and click, to add more to selection\
hit shift and click again, to deselect\
hw: find out how to use lasso\
\
\
CHANGING SHAPES\
if you press shift while elongating, it will be smoother\
select->linked flat faces. (all flat faces will be selected. remember, they have to be flat)\
if you increase sharpness, it will select more around\
select->inverse, will inverse all your selection\
\
GROUPING SHAPES\
There is a button to your right of the screen. Its an icon that looks like a triangle upside down. next to a spanner\
Select a bunch of vertices and then you can add a vertex group. This way, the group will always have the selection\
\
\
DUPLICATES AND SEPARATION OF JOINED SHAPES\
shift-d will duplicate a selection\
u can select multiple, go to object and then click join\
go to edit mode, select a face, hover the mouse in the white circle, and hit L to highlight the single object before join\
\
select it, then go to mesh->vertices->separate->by selection\
then object->transform->geometry to origin\
\
shift-A will add a new object. Same as Create on the side\
\
there is a circle that keeps following you as you click around\
mesh->snap->cursor to selected\
\
object->transfer->origin to 3d cursor\
\
snap\
\
To DELETE: use \'93delete\'94 key on your keyboard\
\
\
Press N and select back face culling to show the face and upside down face. Upside down, will be invisible\
\
all dimension numbers are in mm.\
always check your normals\
make sure all objects are touching each other.\
\
\
\
\
export a file as SVG\
blender: file->Import->SVG\
object->transform->origin to geometry\
\
\
object->convert to-> mesh from curve (alt-c in object mode)\
go to the wrench and click decimate, go to object mode, and change the ratio down\
\
\
\
\
BLENDER blender mode:\
\
\
To select something \'91right mouse click\'92.\
	To select multiple, use \'91shift\'92 + \'91right mouse click\'92\
\
To select an entire object associated to a selected face, \'92ctrl-l\'92\
\
To delete something \'91x\'92 and enter\
\
To rotate \'91r\'92.\
	If you want to rotate 90deg on x axis. \'91r\'92->\'92x\'92->\'9290\'92\
\
To Extrude \'91e\'92, then move mouse\
	Try \'91ctrl-e\'92 for faces\
\
Scroll screen left/right \'91shift\'92+\'92mouse move\'92\
\
To change between wire and object view, \'92z\'92\
\
To stretch/squash \'92s\'92\
	If you want to stretch or squash only on x axis. \'92s\'92->\'92x\'92->\'92use mouse\'92\
\
Extrude a Font\
	you will see \'91F\'92 on the right side. Click it and look under Geometry. Increase \'91Extr\'92\
\
Go edit mode \'91tab\'92\
\
Select a range of edges\
	\'91edit mode\'92->\'92b\'92->\'92draw box with mouse\'92\
	\'91ctrl\'92 + \'91draw a shape\'92\
\
To add a new edge\
	\'91ctrl\'92 + \'91r\'92\
\
To deselect \'91a\'92 multiple times \
\
To copy/paste \'91shift+d\'92\
\
To go to camera mode \'910\'92\
\
To have only the selected object to be seen on screen \'91\\\'92\
\
To add effect \'91Object\'92->\'92quick effects\'92->\'92quick explode\'92\
\
\
To Join \'91select object ( \'91b\'92 -> draw selection )\'92 -> ctrl-j\
\
To unJoin \'91select object ( \'91b\'92 -> draw selection )\'92 -> \'91p\'92\
\
To move origin of the object to center\
	Object->Transform->origin to geometry\
\
Full Screen \'91shift-space\'92\
\
\
*******Putting Image on object********\
\
Select \'91Cycles Render\'92.\
		Next to Help, Default, Scene, you will see \'91Blender Render\'92, Change to \'91Cycles Render\'92\
Add Image\
		Select object->Click on Material (a bicolor sphere button on the right)->\
		New->Image texture under Color->select Image\
Unwrap\
		In edit mode (\'91tab\'92) -> \'91U\'92 -> Project from view (bounds)\
\
View image on object\
		Select bicolor sphere instead of wire frame. (Look bottom, next to object mode)\
\
Note: if adding image to font, before adding image you have to:\
	select font->object mode(\'91tab\'92)->\'92alt-c\'92->\'92mesh from meta/curve/text\'92\
	Make sure, you have selected the font \'91a\'92, in edit mode \'91tab\'92\
\
Note: There is an icon on the top-left, next to Window, Help.\
          Click on UV Editing. Then select any face on the object, \'91U\'92->\'92Unwrap\'92.\
          You can now customize your unwrap\
\
******************************************\
\
**************2d image to 3d***********\
\
Convert jpg to svg online\
\
File->Import->scalable-vector-graphics\
\
Convert curve to mesh\
Edit mode (\'91tab\'92) -> alt-c -> mesh from curve\
\
Extrude the object\
Edit mode (\'92tab\'92) -> \'91E\'92\
\
******************************************\
\
***************Sculpt Mode**************\
\
Add Cube\
Add modifier -> multi resolution -> subdivide -> Apply\
Go from object mode -> sculpt mode\
\
Pull new shapes, from existing model\
	In Sculpt mode -> enable dyntopo (relative detail)->snake hook brush,\
\
Change the intensity of the brush \'91f\'92\
\
To hide certain part of the model, to avoid distraction \'91alt-B\'92\
\
Make manipulator arms disappear \'91ctrl - space\'92\
\
To make grid disappear \'92N\'92 -> display -> \'91Grid Floor\'92\
To make everything except object disappear \'92N\'92-> display -> only render model\
\
To increase the brush size \'91f\'92\
\
******************************************\
\
\
To see size of object in inches \'92n\'92->Dimensions (under Transform)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
what does \'91v\'92 do?\
\
\
\
\
\
counters - VSeries testing (test-RA)\
changes made in assert()\
\
\
\
\
}